update 100-go-basics (#1578)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/100-go-basics/readme.md

> # Go basics
> 
> **Go basics** are common concepts in programming like variables, loops, conditional statemnents etc.. <br>
> A good starting point for go basics is its offical docs !
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official tutorials' href='https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/'>Official Go Tutorials</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Learn the Basics

Learn the common concepts in programming like variables, loops, conditional statements, functions, data types, and so on. A good starting point for go basics is its Go's official docs.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Tutorial' href='https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/'>Official Go Tutorial</BadgeLink>
```
